feat/Add requirements for the memcache (#830)
viur-framework/viur-core: docs/doc_guide/05_implementation_consistency.rst

Datastore
---------
..
    TODO: Does the "new" python3 datastore still have both modes?

The datastore offers 2 kinds of queries, providing different consistency constrains. The *normal* and fast queries
provide only eventual consistency. This means that changes made to one entity might not be visible instantly.
To ensure that your queries catch recent changes, ancestor queries are needed.
However, they're slower and have other constrains, so they are not used in ViUR by default. You'll need to set the
ancestor yourself on each query that needs to be consistent.

Consequences/Example:
Imagine you have a list of objects, and provide a list filtered by the object's color.
Now you change the color of one of these objects from *red* to *blue*.
Due to the inconsistency, it's possible for that object to still appear in the list of *red* objects
(instead of the *blue* ones) for a short (usually a fraction of second) period of time after the change
has been committed to the datastore.

Data cache
----------
To optimize speed and resource usage Memcache can be enabled in the ``viur-datastore`` to cache database queries.

.. code-block:: python

>     if not conf["viur.instance.is_dev_server"]:
>         from google.appengine.api.memcache import Client
>         from viur.core import db
>         db.config["memcache_client"] = Client()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    from viur.core import db
    if conf.instance.is_dev_server:
        db.config["memcache_client"] = db.cache.LocalMemcache()
    else:
        from google.appengine.api.memcache import Client
        db.config["memcache_client"] = Client()
```
